Teifling born, dark elf raised Ranger,

Back Story:
	
	I am Morthos Varis, of house Siannodel. I am Tiefling born but raised by Drow elves, that followed Drizzl Do'Urden footstep of following a more noble path than that of their forebears. In their quest to follow this just rangers acts they raided a Tiefling enclave actively practicing dark ways on near by dwellers. During their raid a young, by elven standards, female ranger charged with going from domicile to domicile to round up worshipers while to warriors fell the main horde. One of the last house on the far reaches of the enclave she was coming to the final house that seem to be separated from the rest but decorated with the same foul decore as the rest, upon entering she was met with a birthing scene. Taken aback by this, another Tiefling with the dwelling took this pause as an opportunity to attacked her getting closer than she would normally allow. The attacker last few moments longer then the average untrained person would by was still distracted of but to her shock a stray dagger had caught the creature birthing next to them. 

	About to leave she heard a soft gargling and discovered upon the just born child of the Tiefling couple, covered in a blanked and dark stain of the mothers blood, she grabbed the infant with the goal of taking it to the rest being round up but when the light caught the uncover face of the infant she stopped and felt an instant connection with this defenseless create. She then hide the child by a near tree and returned later to collect the infant and take if back to her home.

	Year go on and with help of a fellow ranger and parter Varis they raised me in Elvin ways till I started to show traits of my lineage and then schooled me Tiefling lore and magic followed soon after. They raised me to become a great ranger by like them but we were met by growing concern and conflict from their kin, which as I got older was compounded by my ancestral traits coming through in heated exchanges in both social and training. 

	So to further spare them more ostracisation, I left to make a noble name for myself like the great Drizzl Do'Urden and return to them one day to my people with a legacy of my own they would be proud of. 


Manifesto:
	
	To adventure either as a solo or in a fellowship, providing my skill where needed but as I get deeper into the world and are faced with darker challenges I fear where my resolves chink will appear and give my dark urger's opportunity exploit and gain some semblance of control.  

Look:
	
	Pale skinned, dark Blue hair, silver eyes, with a more human features than Tiefling, some of which are a reddish hue from some angles in direct sunlight, usually hidden tail with same colour hair as my head. My horns are small and pointed like the top of mountain but usually hidden by my hair and hood.

	Where an dark green elven hooded cloak with dirtied orange detailing on the back. Knee high leather booths with slight armoring on the shin

Skills  
